friends who suffer and welcome to
this new video today we will talk about
best as you could read from
title the best uniforms available for purchase
on fifa ultimate team on fifa 14 then
let's start with the first one, this is one here
fc championship sounders jersey
American and is a third uniform like
you can see agis 3 you notice easily
precisely because this light blue color
this green
very strong phosphorescent seems almost
which works in the middle between bill
from the other shirts because of the writing
central xbox I have to say that I play
on playstation 4, however, the xbox symbol
I'm not sorry, this is nice up here
on the market transfers are located on
6900 credits so if you are right
novice for the advice
because for a jersey for a uniform it is
really so much this price
then we have the uniform of this year
Naples
guests and it's a color we say a lot
military forced labor
even if purchased on the market
transfers to the modest sum of 3
thousand credits
let's say the most particular because it has
a color that is not found much
easily or this military
advertised by law and by msc
cruises that say maybe the best
then the Italian league jerseys
series to then we have the guests jersey of
new york red bulls and the championship
always American and is different from the red
bull salzburg precisely because in the center
of this shirt we see the players
red in the red bull shirt
Salzburg
the two red bulls like the yellow circle
that represents the sun I don't know
they are much smaller and they are also
much more lateral to the mesh on the new
york costs a little more though you notice of
plus this the new guests' shirt
york red bulls
and while knitting in new york's house
red bulls is this here that white and
it costs a little more in fact it is there
we see immediately so as to welcome them
I bought it for 3,700 and it was the
lower price we say we also check
here this one seems to me the coast of
in fact less than 3,100 this here so
such that nine hundred I had said one
crap first is this one here is the one
It costs more
here in fact 6100 we go now to see
the others
another that is also in fashion
also this year in the sense this year is
leyton orient shirt with la
written fifa 14
looks a lot like the classic shirt
with this brown and own sponsors
plus makes 14 from sports and buy for
400 believe very little and there
in fact, advice is beautiful though
advertised by fifa that advertises
film 14 there is also this other shirt
here it is that it is always a championship
English the ua and as probable and is a
a little more colorful and from this it starts
from orange to rival final to yellow
I honestly don't know how much here
it costs because I found it in a
package but now let's see immediately how much
at the price so to regulate it here it is
even this one costs very little on the 200
so however it is very proud with the writing
viva 14 is beautiful from then we have the
jersey of the fc ways and land championship
Norwegian should be and is
distinguished from the others never and for
this is his bright green and this is possible
find transfers on the market
I did a shit here is ok
see you the price
another shirt that this year goes
here it is that of Lazio I being
romanista that is not wearing it however it is
very beautiful to this yellow color ie
that is not beautiful, that is, in the heated sense that
it is noted the price is very low 300
but even if one is a Romanist perhaps
like me, however, I like the color
I recommend that of everton guests e
yellow with this part always in blue
very beautiful
then we have that of the Milan that it seems
almost an elegant word from the uniform
classic ie they are all low prices
these here also that of the new castle
and it is the classical uniform always a polo shirt
you seem to be converse
here it is here, but here is the vfl
wolfsburg and looks very wilson in the
classical divided symbol and this is us
it remains on too and it is the uniform
classic of a football the team got themselves
in the German league to those who like maybe
the groom magen and the light blue color wants
say that very beautiful indeed think
interactive too
let's see if anything or anyone else
beautiful this in my opinion are the
even better are those that go for
the major
I show you what I use
what you see is both the one with the writing
xbox
otherwise I sometimes use it here
having to be active because it is really beautiful
be it here or the one of fifa 14 o
the red bull depending on how I go
for today it's all I hope the video will
both liked it
I remind you to leave a like a
comment to share I recommend
with writing the team with which I will have to
start with new series x are
comment with any team
watch the previous videos where he creates
a team with excellent understanding according to
of the national team with which I believe well and
hello beautiful to all